add documentation for handling preference (#684)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/references/preferences.rst

.. _preferences:

Preferences
###########

This section describes the ``Prefer`` header value that PostgREST honors.

> 

Reviewer: Some details for the intro:
```suggestion
  PostgREST honors the Prefer HTTP header specified on `RFC 7240 <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7240.html>`_. It allows clients to specify required and optional behaviors for their requests.
```

.. _prefer_handling:

> Handling Prefer

Reviewer: More descriptive heading:

```suggestion
Strict and Lenient Processing
```

===============

> The handling prefer accepts two values ``strict`` and ``lenient``. The ``strict`` value does not allow invalid preferences specified in the ``Prefer`` header. The ``lenient`` value ignore any invalid preferences given in the ``Prefer`` header.

Reviewer: More details. Right now we don't fail on "unfulfillable" preferences but we might in the future.
```suggestion
The server ignores unrecognized or unfulfillable preferences by default. You can control this behavior with the ``handling`` preference. It can take two values: ``lenient`` (the default) or ``strict``.
```

> The ``handling=strict`` should throw an exception if you specify invalid preferences. For instance:

Reviewer: A bit shorter. Also I think "error" is more fit on a request-response context.
```suggestion
``handling=strict`` will throw an error if you specify invalid preferences. For instance:
```

.. code-block:: http

  GET /projects HTTP/1.1
  Prefer: handling=strict, foo, bar

.. code-block:: http

  HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
  Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

.. code-block:: json

  {
      "code": "PGRST122",
      "message": "Invalid preferences given with handling=strict",
      "details": "Invalid preferences: foo, bar",
      "hint": null
  }

> The ``handling=lenient`` ignores invalid preferences.

Reviewer: Ditto. Shorter.
```suggestion
``handling=lenient`` ignores invalid preferences.
```
